---
title: "ch01-sc02"
act: 1
chapter: 1
scene: 2
wc: 400
status: "draft"
revised: "2026-02-16"
---
He knew that voice.

He turned to see his old classmate, Sival. The beautiful daughter of a magistrate, he was surpised to see her here, in an engineer jumpsuit no less.

"Sival," he said, shuffling out of the landcraft and holstering his screenpad, reaching out his hand for a handshake.

"A handshake?" she asked, moving in for a big hug that was as odd as it was unexpected. "I was so happy to see your name on the manifest, and on a detail not too far from my own!"

Of course she had access to the manifest. Gorgi awkwardly returned the hug. She'd certainly never been so happy to see him at school. Had she? 

"Last I heard you were keeping Fregg Corp. freighters up and running for helium runs," she said, pulling back but holding him by the shoulders, looking him up and down.

How had she heard that? "Uh, yeah, right. Not sure this is too much better, but get's me to Heavonly," he said, pointing over his shoulder back to the rows of landcraft. She nodded and walked past him up to the one he had been in and knocked on it's side panel.

"Lucky, they got me doing routine maintenance on the scrubber systems." Interesting, he figured she could have gotten a cozy assignment given who her father was. Then again, the Raoniar hadn't ever been to their planet before, that he could remember anyway. Maybe influence reached only so far.

He turned to face her but his gaze drifted underneath the landcraft, his mind drifting back to the checks he had to do on it. "Scrubbers need to be maintained," he said, not knowing what else to say. 

"Oh Gorgi," she laughed, pulling out her screenpad, "you haven't changed. I'll let you get back to work, but promise me we'll catch up between shifts soon. Here's my screen ID." She pointed the screenpad at him and his own blipped. "Us Denonites need to stick together."

With that she walked by him, patting him on the shoulder and then waving over her back at him as she left the bay.

Gorgi watched her leave and then got onto a roller and slid underneath the landcraft to where the first warning signal had pinged. He pulled out his screenpad, but before he could swipe to the warning he saw Sival's screen ID message. "SIV-7563-AL - DON'T FORGET"
